Bugfix/dm 3141 failed the bulk device registration (#1811)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-10-20-309-0-Fixed-issue-with-LWM2M-bulk-registration.md

---
date: 
title: LWM2M agent processes large LWM2M bulk registration reliably
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-3141
version: 10.20.309.0
---

> This version of the LWM2M agent fixed large LWM2M bulk registrations and removals which were unreliable due to a race condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LWM2M bulk registrations and removals processed by the LWM2M agent were unreliable due to a race condition. This issue has been fixed and bulk registrations are now processed reliably.
```
